---
published: true
title: Most suitable gifts men have a matching table
layout: post
---
For men, and choose what is most suitable and most insurance? Watch! First, wrist table no size problem, not let other think not right and didn\'t approach modified, up adjustment Xia strap on good has; second, wrist table both for private friends, also for career partners; third, wrist table basically not exists obsolete problem, especially male table; IV, each men are should has a paragraph good table, regardless of is low-key of people also is habits became focus of people are not exception. [10 watch CNN comments on selected change history](http://www.faybag.com/2016/08/26/10-watch-cnn-comments-on-selected-change-history/) [10 watch CNN comments on selected change history](http://www.faybag.com/2016/08/26/10-watch-cnn-comments-on-selected-change-history/)Shining gorgeous giftsPiaget (Earl) Emperador Coussin Platinum Diamond perpetual calendar watchIn the 136-year history of the count, how many tables are in the name of Piaget was born about? the answer is 1 million. To Memorial this records, Earl through its first a men\'s series \"Emporador\", launched has Platinum set drill pillow shaped years calendar wrist table, special reflected out Earl of two big professional attainments: first is exquisite of years calendar process (can right correct to count to 2100); second is \"super thin movement traditional\": wrist table used of 856P automatically Shang chain movement, thickness only for 5.6 mm. Configure more features: small seconds disc, for example at the 4 o\'clock position, month and leap years indicates 12 o\'clock position, week indicated as \"retrograde\". In addition, dual time zone function in the 9 o\'clock position, dial position day and night time display, which is different from common perpetual calendar watches on the market. Shapes have Needless to say-what is a \"Flash\".Sports giftsJaeger LeCoutre (LeCoultre) Master Compressor Extreme LAB watchesFall 2009 Jaeger LeCoultre launched the \"Expedition Antoine LeCoultre\" expedition will give three climbers climb Himalayan peaks had not yet been conquered. The mountains not far from Mount Everest, 6589 m above sea level. Disparities in temperature, strong magnetic field of the Earth, climb in the inevitable collision, interfere with normal operation of the movement the weather ... ... All watches are a huge challenge. And accumulated ExtremeLAB watches did handle it well: in order to achieve the lingxia50du movement still functioning ability, watches with PVD coating all parts in key escapement parts made of Silicon material. Not only no lubrication (prevent the severe cold conditions of lubricant inertia), and able to resist 150 Gauss geocentric magnetic field (prevent magnetic errors), and also reduces the weight of the movement. Ultra light titanium case is very sturdy, coupled with scratch ceramic outer ring, let them have a strong anti-knocking capacity.Most Chinese giftsPanerai (Officine Panerai) Luminor Marina Special Edition Watch (PAM00366)Luminor Marina is the most popular watches Panerai series, evolved from the early 1940 Luminor series, diver\'s watches classic. The watches by Panerai, specially for OPII hand-wound mechanical movement from the Switzerland official Observatory (C.O.S.C. ) Certification. Most special is a Chinese carved at the 6 o\'clock position \"f\" Word, keep on Panerai\'s disk design, digital character replaces the original, unique taste. Not only will traditional Chinese elements and Italy classic design fused together, are a precious blessing to every wearer.The pursuit of designer giftsHerm è s (Hermes) Carr è h watchThere is no doubt that Hermes is a lot of people\'s minds the most quality and artistry brands. In its product range, the watch designs are also very unique, such as the new Carr è h watches is one of the representative. This timepiece designed by famous architect make·beiertiye led (of course, the artistic director of the Hermès brand clocks together artistic director), through the \"particles\" processing of titanium metal. Overlapping use of the square, design characteristics, also reflects the diagonal design features: medium dial with seconds subdial, pointer, a graduated dial, consisting a very harmonious State. Round dial second hand ticks let energy implied. Casing top half side-polished smooth texture, also reminiscent of Hermes with wax polishing leather, metal and leather-processing technologies are obvious. This is also the mark of the Hermès brand.Business men\'s giftsBaume and Mercier (famous) William Baume collection jump watchFor fighting men in the workplace, choose watches will generally be based on two principles: first, of course, is to follow the tradition of business attire, and second, to show a little interest, after all, everyone likes dealing with people who make people feel relaxed and happy. This personage has just launched the William Baume collection watches are a good choice when you jump. Watch 12 o digital display shows hour, when the hour changes, figures will jump immediately while two independent dials within minutes and seconds (red and gold) will continue to indicate minutes. Black Dial with bar-shaped spiral decoration, by polishing on the sub dial showing a glossy, in contrast non-pretty. Clasp is made of red gold material, with crocodile leather strap, also very suitable for business people.The most memorable giftsHublot (space ship) Big Bang World Cup series limited edition watchesFor many men, the 2010 World Cup is probably the most memorable thing, is the Spain national team trip to win. If you have a fan friends, Yu watch firms launched the 2010FIFA World Cup limited edition watch is the best gift. Wrist table limited 100 only, table shell diameter 44 mm, used rose gold making; table circle after black Asia light processing, 6 star embedded h shaped titanium business screws; dial used micro-spray sand processing, rendering Matt deep blue, pointer for Red Asia light decals and with yellow fluorescent, red yellow double color time scale, 45 minutes timing dial is located in 9 o\'clock location, 2010FIFA World Cup champion exclusive Logo is located in 3 o\'clock location.Design love Ma Shipei Panerai movement dial men watch gift calendar