---
published: true
title: OL tend to make most makeup match eight big mistakes
layout: post
---
How to show their best side? In recent days, industry experts stressed that a beauty mix 8 big mistakes.This day and age, fashion can not only display standard, the real fashion group\'s slogan is \"fashion\", and how to highlight in blustery fashion personality? How to show their best side? In recent days, industry experts stressed that a beauty mix 8 big mistakes: [2016SIHH new Mont Blanc 4810 watches](http://www.mkfans.com/2016/01/23/2016sihh-new-mont-blanc-4810-watches/)Focus, makeup is \"eyelashes\", internationally known as \"the first makeup.\" But at home, many women are focused on \"mouth\" and assume that lipstick is dressed up on, which is completely wrong. At any time, the eyes are the focus of a face.Second, many people often face covered with a sheet of wet powder, apply makeup so that feels like a mask. Make-up to make skin, refreshing, as long as the middle part of the face with a damp powder can. Both simple and can enhance the face of icing.Three, current international epidemic of particles is a very fine powder, micro-fluorescence in order to create a cooked egg skin. No facial features, skin makeup is the current fashion trends. Some OL not skin, facial features is not only correct, but also beautiful. [2016SIHH new Mont Blanc 4810 watches](http://www.mkfans.com/2016/01/23/2016sihh-new-mont-blanc-4810-watches/)Four, some OL eyeliner drawn, seems to give eye frame a \"BRACKET\", in fact, pop does not paint eyeliner makeup, or feel stiff and old-fashioned.Five-steal the show, many OL eyebrows, is too prominent, and a look that is painted. Eyebrows at any time should not Rob eyes, eyes always is the most clever part of the face.Six, some OL in life the pursuit of high contrast color, either black or color matching, the effect is not good. Asians are mostly yellow skin and black hair, eyes, black and white, itself has a very strong color contrast, color of the suit is one of many neutral colors rather than in a contrasting color, Asians can take many neutral colors such as gray, camel, interpretation of a unique charm.Seven, strong colors Asians can also be used, but only for people with high colour lightness, which is fair-skinned people. Some people think that photograph, photogenic costumes the brighter the better, so life copy, photogenic and the difference is huge. Dress color Japan women do comparatively well, might as well make a reference.Eight, set off the Asian face of color are cool, which can improve the brightness of the color of the face, people look younger spirit. Many people mistakenly use a warm color, that makes yellow look more yellow.Asian fashion makeup match eye color neutral color contrast