---
published: true
title: Men\'s skin care: skin age faster
layout: post
---
Working with computers, phones 24 hours away from the body, maybe this is the norm for you. To know a long time to do so, the skin can easily be radiation, causing the skin darkens and porphyry. [MWC2016 prospective new machines released boom](https://moshino2016.wordpress.com/2016/03/22/mwc2016-prospective-new-machines-released-boom/)Men\'s skin care taboo brutal facialMost men are more skin oil, in order to achieve the purpose of cleaning, face rub, extend cleaning time is a male habit. This cleanser is easy to pull up too much skin, causing wrinkles. Proper cleansing should be at Palms cleansers making bubbles, and then use the appropriate strength in order to clean the Chin, cheeks, forehead, nose. [MWC2016 prospective new machines released boom](https://moshino2016.wordpress.com/2016/03/22/mwc2016-prospective-new-machines-released-boom/)Men\'s skin care taboo longRegret every day did not go to bed early the night before, stay up seems to be the norm nowadays, it has become a man. Night-time is the regulated cultivation of important periods, especially at night 11 o\'clock to 3 o\'clock in the morning, is a skin self detox and metabolism of prime-time, it is obvious that if you stay up for a long time, will cause the body\'s metabolism slower, Qi and blood deficiencies, toxins from siltation problems, aging natural to early.Men\'s skin taboo prolonged use of computers, cell phonesIf unavoidable, then use a computer to apply moisturizer before evening, try not to use computers, used computers to wash hands right after the face and coat care products.Men\'s skin care taboo sleeping posture is not correctIf you\'re used to sleep, that it is necessary to know these: sleep oppressed by forces of the skin of the face, forced are squeezed together to form wrinkles. A long time, easy to form wrinkles, sleep and it will repress the internal organs, is not conducive to good health. The best sleeping position on your back, will not oppress the skin, let the skin breathe freely.Men\'s skin care sleeping computer skin cleansing of the skin metabolism taboo